# CS3114-Project1

Many applications areas such as computer graphics, geographic information systems, and VLSI design require the ability to store and query a collection of rectangles. In 2D, typical queries include the ability to find all rectangles that cover a query point or query rectangle, and to report all intersections from among the set of rectangles. Adding and removing rectangles from the collection are also fundamental operations.

For this project, I created a simple spatial database for handling inserting, deleting, and performing queries on a collection of rectangles. The data structure used to store the collection will be the Skip List (see the openDSA textbook for more information about Skip Lists). The Skip List fills the same role as a Binary Search Tree in applications that need to insert, remove, and search for data objects based on some search key such as a name. The Skip List is roughly as complex as a BST to implement, but it generally gives better performance since its worst case behavior depends purely on chance, not on the order of insertion for the data. Thus, the Skip List provides a good organization for answering non-spatial queries on the collection (in particular, for organizing the objects by name). However, as you will discover, the Skip List performs poorly on spatial queries.

The program will read from the text file {command-file} a series of commands, with one command per line. The program should terminate after reading the end of the file. I am guaranteed that the commands in the file will be syntactically correct in all graded test cases. The commands are free-format in that any number of spaces may come before, between, or after the command name and its parameters. All commands should generate the required output message. All output should be written to standard output. Every command that is processed should generate some sort of output message to indicate whether the command was successful or not.
